Beautiful. So guys, welcome to the call. Welcome to the art of digital real estate. I don't
know how many lives we've actually done. But one thing I want to point or I want to just
let you guys know is I mentioned this a few weeks, even months ago. I think I just mentioned
casually in a post, but the this group is going to be changing. I'm not going to give
too many details, but it's as you see it now is not how it's going to be for long.
Not trying to scare anyone, not trying to do any of that, but it is going to change.
One thing that we've learned again and again and again, and you guys need to remember this
as well, that is when people don't pay for things, they don't value it. I've been given
access to a program that it costs. I was just talking to Aaron about this. I was given access
to a program that cost $30,000 just to join. And it's a couple thousand dollars a month.
And I have full access, right? Like top tier access. And I have literally watched like
10 to 15 minutes of content and I have access to content that's worth $30,000. But because
I didn't pay for it. And by the way, the reason I got access is I was trying to check. I was
I wasn't looking at the content itself necessarily. I was looking at how it was structured. But
needless to say, even at that level of content that's that valuable, they're able to charge
that kind of money. I'm not even like taking advantage because I didn't pay for it. So
that said, guys, we are in the process of making some massive changes. And so if you
guys pop on to this group in the very near future, but a.k.a. before the first of the
year and it's very different or it's not here or whatever, that's that's why. But in
the process of doing that, I went through and I looked at how many lives we've done.
And Francesca, how many how many hours of content do you think we have in this group
that people some people take a lot of advantage of? But how many hours would you think that
we have in here?
I'll tell you an estimate. Let's go like this. Let's see.
I don't even know if we can calculate the amount, but like literally we've got, yeah,
like thousands and thousands of hours, like ridiculous amount of content. So anyway,
that's it. Just you guys have an idea on that. But anyway, Francesca, welcome to the call.
Good to have you on. Thank you.
We are going to be doing a quick little announcement. It's it's going to not take
a ton of time, but I do want to make sure that we got as many people as possible.
So I appreciate the 15 of you guys that are on. We're going to keep this post live
for other people to see it. But what we would like to do as we transition for two reasons,
as we transition away from the current group as it is, and as I sat here and reflected on
the fact that we've been doing this for over three years, like three years and some months.
What we decided to do and we did this, we've only done this one other time,
and this will be the only other time that we do it because the group's going to be changing.
But we are going to be doing a scholarship like we did, you know, it's like two, three,
four months ago. I don't even remember when that was. Was that three months ago, two months ago?
September, I think. September, we did something similar.
This is going to be slightly different. But what we're doing, we're going to be doing this.
It's like we're calling it the thousand days of renting shitty websites. It's the celebration
of a thousand days of running shitty websites inside of this group. We've been doing this over
three years. This group and I've been going live every single week up until recently when I realized
that there weren't people taking full advantage. But anyway, in celebration in kind of as we
transition this entire group, it's been freaking awesome. I've loved every second of it and it's
still going to continue. It's just not going to look the same and it's not going to be
free 99 anymore. We're going to be doing a scholarship. OK, so what this entails is if
you would like to, we're going to post a link and we have a couple of questions. You click on the
link and basically you're going to tell us why you think you deserve the scholarship. What the
scholarship is, is it's going to be full access to digital landlords. It's a hundred percent free.
Like we're going to. So to be very clear on this, we're going to be giving away one
full scholarship where we are going to be giving somebody inside of this group that applies
completely full access to digital landlords, to the community, to the trainings, to the curriculum,
to the support, to the scripts, to all, to everything, even the premium stuff like our
premium sales library. They're going to get access to everything, access to me.
We're going to be doing that in this group. So Francesca just barely dropped the link.
You click on it. I don't know. There's like a few questions, like 10 questions. A lot of them,
though, are like name, whatever phone number, whatever. Just click on it, fill it out. Francesca,
I think I can pin it. Let me pin it really quick. OK, I just pinned it. If you guys would like to
apply for that, go ahead and click the link, apply for it, give us full answers. We try to make it
as short as possible, but also we really want to give it to somebody that's deserving. Our last
winner is that we've only done this one other time. Our last winner was somebody that we felt
was very deserving, that really had their heart in the right place, that just couldn't do it.
Why am I carrying myself? Can you hear me? Yeah, it was me because I commented it doubled played.
Oh, OK, I was like, why? No, you're good. You're good. So anyway, guys, if you would like to apply
for that, go ahead and click it. Now, what we did last time and we'd like to do again is there's
only going to be one winner of the full scholarship on the actual application for this scholarship
there. I think there's a question that says if you're not selected for the full scholarship,
would you be interested in entering into a partial scholarship? Last time we gave away a handful of
partial scholarships to allow for a few additional people into the program. Now, it's still they still
had to pay. It wasn't completely free, but we did do some partial scholarships. So when you're
filling this out, if you are interested, if you don't win the main one, if you're interested in
potentially a partial, which we're probably going to give a handful, two, three of those away,
then click that box. But if you click that box and we do select you as a partial scholarship,
just please answer the phone if so, because we don't want to be chasing you around. We don't
want to waste our time and we don't want you to say, yes, I'm interested in possibly in a partial
scholarship. And then, you know, we give it to you and not somebody else and all that. So
that's all. Anything else I'm missing? No, I think you covered you covered it.
Yeah, it's simple. Click on the link apply. It's it's going to take you guys like two,
three minutes. And again, we're doing this. This would be our last one that we do. It's our second
and last one that we do. And we're doing it in celebration of 1000 days of renting shitty websites,
which, of course, you guys know, it's it's it's funny. Okay, don't don't don't laugh or don't make
don't don't get mad at me calling it shitty websites, because a lot of my websites are shitty.
Most of my websites are shitty. And also, partly because we're transitioning into a completely new
model than a free Facebook group where people could just sit here and not consume the thousands
of hours of content that you guys haven't taken advantage of. So go ahead and apply at that link.
And let's do this. So let's see, what else do we have? Do you want to go over the questions from
the post from yesterday? Let's do it. Let's start with that. We're going to start with going over
the questions from the post from yesterday. I'm going to drop the link to Zoom for anyone that
wants to hop on. Guys, this is a chance that you have to jump on, ask me a question directly. If
you are, first of all, Francesca will tell you I'm the most chill guy ever. Yeah, you should
there's an I don't buy whatever. I do get a little bit excited sometimes. That's the only thing I can
get a little bit excited. That's true. Right. That's a good thing, though, I think. Yeah,
no, it's good. It's good energy. But I can get a little I can get a little bit snappy, but not at
anyone that's not working directly with me. So Francesca has to deal with that. Not you guys.
OK, I'm going to drop the link and then Francesca, let's pull up the questions. Let's start going
through it. And I think we should also give some stuff away. I agree. I agree. I just barely,
which for the record, I have been I mean, it's it's I mean, I guess I hate to say sounds bad,
but I guess I started the company and I realized the other day I was talking to Kyle on the call
and Kyle had on that like super comfy black hoodie with the with the red badge.
And I was like, dude, I don't even have that hoodie. So guess what I did? I had to text Ashley
and I was like, yo, can I get a code so I can get the hoodie? Francesca, do you have the hoodie?
I was going to say I don't have the hoodie. I'll sell it. I'll sell it to you.
I'm just kidding. Francesca, I'm going to let you be the first winner. Text Ashley
and go ahead and get yourself the hoodie. It Kyle swears. I haven't even touched it.
We have different sizes. Of course we have different sizes. It's you just you just order
your size. It comes right directly to your house. No shipping, nothing free. Boom. I pay for it.
OK, so text. So just to start, Francesca is our first winner of the hoodie.
We're going to give away some stuff today. We got the T-shirts. We got the mugs. We got
the air pod cases. We got the I have Rubik's cubes, but I don't that might be a little bit
difficult. I might even have one here. Let me see. You brought it to your hotel room?
Yeah, they're sick. You know, I brought it for a gift. I'm meeting a friend
that is super interested in this model. So check these things out, guys. I don't want
to open this yet, but can you see this? We got the Rubik's Cube. I gave away these away on Halloween
and I thought they were going to be like because I ordered so many or like five,
six hundred of these. I think I ordered 650. I thought they were going to be like really
crappy quality, sticky, sticky, whatever. Dude, these things slack, man. These things.
I'm tempted to freaking think I should open it just to show you guys. I have to.
Can you do one? My son can. My son was teaching me how.
Anyway, pull up the question while I show you guys how smooth this is.
Yeah. So like, look at this one hand. I mean, these these are I don't I don't want to mess it
up because it's so pretty. But I mean, dude, these these are pretty, pretty smooth. I was
pretty pleased with the quality of these little cubes. So let's see. Let's see what we got.
We got the T-shirts. We got the sweaters. We got the Rubik's Cube. We got the mugs.
We got the mouse pads. Yeah, I think we're going to be doing the beanies as well.
So let's give away some stuff. Let's answer some questions, do some live coaching.
You guys apply for the scholarship. Today is a great day to be in digital real estate and let's
get into it. So Francesca, what do we got? Let's answer some questions here.
We have Donnie asking if you're starting a fitness program.
Shut up, Donnie. And then we have.
OK, Donnie, Donnie, Donnie Dre, watch your mouth. I'm kidding. No, I'm not starting a
fitness program, but yeah, we have anything to say. Go ahead.
No worries. I don't know if I'm saying the name right. So I apologize. Aleda.
OK, what's the question? Do you think the Google Ads for local services
would impact negatively your system? Isn't that what we do?
Yeah, I'm trying to read this over and think. Is that so? Let me let me pull up the questions
too, because maybe I'll read it a little bit differently just because a different set of eyes.
For sure. Pull it up. Is it on the?
It's in the post where you're in the ocean. And by the way, guys, I do want to apologize
really quick that for yesterday, I'll take that. I was on me. I was running late.
I decided last second to come down to Vegas and I was already going to be a little bit late.
So I was going to have Francesca set up the live and it literally wouldn't.
I know it probably sounds like it was an excuse. It would not load.
We could not get we couldn't stream it and we wanted to be able to record it.
And we just wouldn't load. Aaron tried it. Francesca tried it.
And I tried it in multiple locations.
We do apologize. I hate I hate. Yeah, wasting people's time. So I apologize.
So we'll make it up for you today. OK, so let's go through. I'm looking real quick.
All comments. Let's go through these. And I also dropped a link. Looks like we've got somebody in
the OK, let's let's answer this question first. Then we'll get into the questions on the post.
This is Ravella from Newark, Delaware. Hold on.
OK, can you hear us? Rev, I'm going to call you Rev.
OK, you got to unmute. Hold on.
OK, there you go. Can you hear us? Hi. Hey.
How are you? I'm so good. Do you say it Ravella? Do you say it Ravella?
How do you pronounce it correctly? It's Ravella.
OK, amazing. So what's your question? Let's let's get into it.
I am so sorry. I just wanted to say hi. Oh, amazing. That's even better. Hi.
Glad to have you in the group. Let's do this really quick. How long have you been in the group?
I've been a participant in about six months. My boyfriend, he's very involved in your group
and he loves you and Nick. So amazing. Or Porter. Yeah, amazing. Well, who doesn't like Porter?
I'm a little bit harder to do more of an acquired taste, but I appreciate it. Tell him.
Can I ask you a question? Yes, that's why we're here.
Maybe this has come up before, but like, is there where did you start?
Like, what groups did you start in when you first got started? I mean,
so when I originally started, this was back in 2016. I listened to a podcast and I heard about
this idea that you can rent these little websites and I just like hooked me. I think I've told this
story a hundred times, but it hooked me and I really wanted to do this. So I started doing
exactly what I hope everyone does that's on this call, which is I tried like, you know,
on the podcast, he was, he was given some examples. This person was like,
you're going to buy, you know, build a site, blah, blah, blah. I didn't know anything about anything
and started doing it. And as I started getting into it, I'm like, oh my gosh,
there's a million questions. So that's when I was like, okay, there's got to be a quicker way.
Let me see if there is. And that person that did that podcast, they had a program and then there
was next. Every single program out there that's on the subject of rank and rent, I have been,
I'm in or have purchased like with the exception of probably the most recent ones that have cropped
up in the last two years, but yeah, you name it. I've got it. I've been in them all. And a lot of
them have really, most of them have really good things. I just always felt like there was a
missing piece and the missing, the missing piece for me was the fact that you had to wait to rank
the website. That was the part that I couldn't wrap my head around. I'm like, how can I scale
if I have to wait for this website to rank? So, but I have nothing bad to say about any of these.
The only time I don't really appreciate it is when people, you know, they don't even know how to do
it themselves. They haven't made any real money and then they start teaching on it. And it's like,
how can you, it's like being somebody that's giving financial advice, doesn't have any money,
right? Or the gym trainer that's overweight, like whatever. So anyway, yeah, I'm in all of them.
And I give credit to all of them as well, because I've learned stuff from all the people out there
that you can think of. I would recommend them all for different things, but I think the missing
piece for me in my mind, and I think the only way to do this is by renting first and then ranking
later. Thank you so much. You're a true inspiration to us. Yeah, you're awesome. Thanks, Rev. And when
we make this transition to something different inside this free group, keep an eye out, okay?
Okay, thank you.
Okay, let's start going through some of the questions. And thanks to Rev for jumping on.
If anyone else wants to jump on, see, you can even keep your camera off and it's not a big
deal. Okay, can't bite through the camera. All right, why did the, where did they go? Where did
they go? Where did they go? All right, Francesca, it looks like I'm gonna have to read these.
Um, do you want me to read them? No, I got them. I think just because that one. Okay, so we've got,
uh, yeah, yeah. I think I know what she's talking about, but I'll let you read it again.
All right, I'm just looking through, you know, what's funny as I'm looking through is I, and
that's something I want to point out. I'm going to get to the questions too. I see Donnie Dre,
you're going to start a fitness program as well. I need some games, dude, freaking, freaking Donnie
Dre. I love it. Okay. So a lot of people just commenting in 2025 to keep it posted. I apologize
people saying, is the event happening? I'm so sorry. Okay, I see it. Aleta, she says, my question
is the following. Do you think the Google ads for local services would impact negatively your system?
She's talking about the, I think she's talking about the new Google guarantee ads to turn them
on. You need to have, you need to provide more, more stuff than we usually normally would like
your business license, stuff like that. Yep. And they do, they are at the very top. So she's saying,
do you think, you know, the, yeah, so, so here's my opinion on it. This is just my opinion. One,
one humble man's opinion. Uh, I believe that if you can run them, then you should. And if you
have to get a whole bunch of extra information, then it's, I don't think it's worth the time.
It's kind of how I feel about WordPress, right? And I'm, I know I'm not, I haven't completely
answered the question, so I'm not, I'm not done yet, but I'm just going to give you an example.
People always ask, do you need to use WordPress? Do you need to learn WordPress? No. If you know it,
then is it better than Weebly? Yeah, I think so. It's got more, it's got a lot more capability.
You can do it for cheaper, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But for you to go and learn WordPress,
the time it's going to take you, the, the attention, the time, et cetera,
you're way better off spending that time focusing on getting better at getting money,
at getting people to give you money, at getting better at sales, at getting better at due
diligence. It's not worth learning the skill, but if you already have it, you can. So I think my
opinion is the same on this and anything else that crops up is like, should you go and make,
you know, can I still, basically it's like, can, can you still be successful even if you can't run
Google guarantee ads? And the answer is, of course you can, of course you can.
Will it help if you happen to have the business license and the business owners consent and
whatever else you need to run them? Of course, do it, run it. It's great. Just like if you can
get a GMB, of course it's going to help, but it's not going to, it's not a deal breaker.
And that's just my opinion. But again, I just have my opinion on everything is I always, I'm,
I'm a, I'm like, I feel like I'm a problem solver. And those things don't scare me.
I remember when I first got into the game back in 2016, people, they were running,
you guys know they were running Google guarantee ads in some of these big cities back in 2016.
And everyone has spooked to death. Oh my gosh, Google is going to take over lead generation.
Is lead generation still going to be around? Blah, blah, blah. The sky's falling. It's in 2016.
And I think I was just too dumb to even worry about it. I was like, well, if that happens,
I'm going to make a little bit of money until it changes. And I just kept going and going and
going. And here we are millions of dollars later. And yeah, they're still running Google guarantee
ads and we're still making money doing lead generation. That's my opinion.
What do you think Francesca? Did you have any other questions on that?
Yeah, no, I agree. And also like to think that Google would completely remove any type of other
ads when we're like their primary customer, that would mean they're not making any money.
And I think everyone is money oriented. So if Google is making money with us,
they're not going to get rid of something that's producing cash.
I think, I think if they could run, if they could run their own,
they could do lead generation that could replace Google ads. And yeah, I think they would do it all
day long. It's capitalism. But I think you're right. I think that, I mean, they're, they make
money a lot of ways. They have a lot of products. They have a lot of different services, but the way
that they're, from what I understand, don't take this as, you know, don't, you could fact check me
and tell me I'm wrong, but I've heard one of their largest, largest revenue streams is Google ads.
And it makes sense, right? How many thousands I've personally spent one and a half million
dollars plus, you know what I mean? So, okay. Ismail Hunaid from Pakistan.
2025. I am very confused in selecting a niche. Could you give me three niche ideas that can give
me 2K USD? Secondly, kindly guide me niches in UAE, please. 2K USD. I'm guessing he's talking
about per month. But this is, go ahead. No, I think so too. I'm not going to give,
here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to do something that's going to help you more
in the long run. You may not like it in the short run. I'm not going to give you the niches,
but I'm going to give you this advice. And I'm going to tell you that all you need to do,
Mr. Hunaid, is you need to just reverse engineer. You need to look at, okay, if I can charge,
for me to charge $2,000 a month, the business owner has to be netting at a minimum. They need
to be making probably three, right? They need to be making at least three because they're not going
to, or four. They need to be doubling their money safely. Let's say four. And that's in their
pocket. So then you have to start going, okay, well, what niches are they going to be able to
charge enough money and close just a handful of deals where they can make that kind of money?
And so then you could start reverse engineering. You can start looking, but basically the answer
is you need to go into the bigger ticket stuff. Okay. And then there's a fine line where you don't
want to go too high of ticket because if you go too high of ticket, like for roofing or solar,
which has huge ticket stuff or remodeling or some of these other freaking competitive niches,
then you attract the big dogs. Then you attract the national companies that are spending budgets
that are insane. Then you're attracting companies that have marketing companies within them
just to do their own marketing. Okay. So that's my opinion on that.
And then on the UAE, that one I am not going to speak on because I am in the process of testing
some stuff right now. And we've been, Francesca, we've looked at a couple of niches. We've done
some deep dives on some niches in the UAE. We're going to be releasing some of our findings,
whether it's on, inside of digital landlords, potentially on YouTube. I'm not really sure,
but we're going to keep that in the back pocket just in case. Okay.
So that is what I would say on that. Okay. So Chris says, that's my thoughts. Will AI destroy
lead gen with Google search changing it in some way in the future? Well, you don't know for sure.
You take the money on the table while it's there until it isn't. I have the same opinion on AI.
Rather than being scared of it, I'm stoked. The reason why is because as long as you're a
problem solver, then all I think of AI is it's going to help me, right? It's something that I
can use. And guess what? If it shakes up the entire game, then fortunes are going to be lost,
but fortunes are going to be made. And as long as I'm somebody that's willing to put my head down,
get to my desk, turn off the distractions and learn and stay ahead of the game,
and I'm not somebody who wants to just remove myself from this game, then I'm going to be good.
In fact, it's going to be exciting. In fact, there's going to be tons of opportunities. So
that's where my thoughts on anything new that comes. It's like, you should be excited. It's
an opportunity, right? Whenever there's blood on the ground, whatever that quote is, there's
great opportunities as well, okay? So great point, Chris. And Rev says yes as well. Okay,
so what I think I'm going to do actually is I'm going to go into, Francesca, if you see any other
questions pop up, let me know. Sorry, it's not a question, but Kevin, I know you mentioned you're
disappointed in the announcement, but I do want to say like, we're building something that's going
to be better than this. So be excited. Wait, who said that? I'm pretty sure. Kevin in the comments.
Where's Kevin at? Underneath the live. I'm not mad. I just, I'm curious. I just want to see
which Kevin. Kevin Koparski.
Oh, I only recently discovered this model and group. So I'm slightly, oh yeah, he's,
okay, that makes sense. Yeah, he's disappointed because of how it's changing. So Kevin, yeah,
basically what we're going to be doing is take advantage while you can. We're not, nothing's
going away today. That doesn't mean it couldn't go away tomorrow, but I want you to know that like,
I promise you when you pay for something, you value it more. There have been people that have
really, that have really taken advantage of this group, but the amount of people is just a handful,
right? Like I think once, once the, the access to this group is no longer, I think people are
really going to see how much value we really provided because it's going to be insane. What
the heck is calling me? Wild. So yeah, don't be, don't be bummed about it at all. Just keep your
eyes open. And in fact, Kevin, send me a message, send me a private message and I'll give you some
recommendations and help you out. Like our goal here is to add value. And it's just, it's a shame
that people don't take advantage of things that are free, but it's just human nature. And I was
just telling you guys, like this, like I said, Francesca, it's like, even me, I've got access
to this like incredible information that is probably worth, you know, probably more than
$50,000. And I'm not even taking advantage because it didn't hurt. I didn't cost me anything. And so
I don't have any skin in the game. And so therefore, it's just how it works. And so anyway,
it's, it's going to be a good change. You should be excited. You're right. And it's going to allow
us to give even more. It's going to, it's going to be, we have 6.2 thousand members of this group
right now. There's probably, every time I pop on, there's like 500 people that are active, like
always, every time I jump on, I see like 500 people that are active. So it's, it's pretty good
for a Facebook group, but there's probably half or 4,000 people that join this and they're no
longer interested or they're not serious or they're not doing anything with information. And so my
goal is to take the 6,000, 6.2 thousand and find the 500 that are interested, the 500 that are
always online. And I want to freaking give you guys immense value to get you closer to your first
deal to get you further in the process. And obviously then eventually when you guys are ready,
you can join us inside of digital landlords. So that's the goal. And so anyway, I don't want
to give too much away because we're still kind of working through it, but just so you guys know,
take advantage while you can. I'm super stoked that we have a bunch of people on this call.
And if you guys have questions, please let me know. I just saw that I missed some stuff earlier.
Chris had scholar me. I love that. Let's see. Corey McNeil, my buddy, Corey. Corey McNeil,
what is going on? Can I hire you for one on one? No, you cannot, sir. But I would love to give you
a phone call and I owe you a phone call. So I am in Vegas. I'm actually doing some filming this
weekend, locking myself in a hotel room, doing some filming, but I am around next weekend. So
if you're still on this call, sir, give me a text. And also I would love to gift Mr. Corey McNeil
with some swag. If he takes me up on it, I'm going to say swag winner message at fix it,
fix it Felix. Actually, I'm going to say message Ashley. Sorry. Okay. For the code and Corey,
your pick on what you want, sir. Appreciate you. Corey is one of the smartest dudes I know,
by the way, on a lot of topics, but especially on SEO. Corey says he's in Salt Lake City. Okay.
Amazing, bro. Text me. Okay. Anything else that you saw? That was something that you saw you wanted
to mention real quick, right? Anything else, Francesca? No, I'm looking. I don't see anything
else. What I'm going to do is this. I'm going to do two things. I'm going to go through,
I'm going to try and clean up any of the posts that we've had in the last maybe week
by answering those questions. Obviously seeing if anyone wants to come on live and ask me a
question. Guys, you have an opportunity right now. If you want to come on live,
if you want to just say that's completely fair. You know what I learned though? This is a little
trick I want to teach you guys is if you want to get somebody's ear, if you want to get somebody's
attention, go and find out what they're paying for, go and find out what's important to them
and go and buy it or show interest in it and you can get their attention. Let me give you an example.
I have been trying to get a hold of this guy. I think he's so captivating. I want to hire him
to do some stuff. This is a guy online. He's got about a million followers. Dude, you can imagine
how many DMs. These have come recently. He's blown up recently. You can imagine how many freaking
DMs this guy gets. I was an idiot at first. I DMed him like, dude, I want to hire you. How much would
you charge me to do this, this and this? Whatever. Nothing. Crickets. I hit him like six times and I
was like, dude, what the heck? How can I get this guy's attention? I started thinking, I'm like,
all right, what does he do? I started going down his thing. I found out this guy had a,
he had like an info product, right? And part of the info product is you are part of this group
that you can like, whatever, you're part of this community with him. So I just went and bought his
thing. It's a, it's a monthly thing. It's like $50 a month. And as soon as I bought it,
I sent him a DM, like within the first two hours and got a response like that. And I said, hey,
I sent you a message on Instagram. I want to hire you for something. Can you check it?
And he responded within 30 minutes. So anyway, just a little hack. And the reason I'm saying that is
if any of you guys are like, I know some of you guys hit me in the DM with these ideas and stuff
like that, it's like, dude, you got to be a little more strategic than like the old, can I pick your
brain? Okay. And by the way, I'm not act, I'm not trying to seem like I get hit up like 17 times a
day or whatever. I'm not trying to act cool or whatever. I'm just saying that, you know, anyone
gets hit up, but it's very annoying that people expect you to give, give you their time. You know,
like I used to be that guy that was like, Hey bro, you know, Hey sir, I would love to pick your brain
and take you to lunch. And what you don't realize like nobody even at certain levels, people don't
even go to lunch like that. They just have the lunch delivered to them. They don't go and like
chop it up for lunch. Okay. So, and the people that did say yes to me, I'm so grateful for them
because I know how annoying it is. So anyway, that's just a little side note. So I'm going to
go through again. I'm looking at all these, I'm apologizing again and again for all these people
that were looking for the link yesterday and we couldn't do it. I'm so sorry. So let's see,
uh, let's answer this question. Ching Chia Wang said the following. Okay. I have a roofing,
I'm going to go through this one. By the way, guys, if you want to hop on, hit the link,
come talk to me. If not, we're going to keep going. I have a roofing client who paid me USD
$3,200 per month in March and April this year, then dropped off due to his father's illness,
then came back and paid me about the same from June to August, then dropped off in mid August
due to him wanting him being too busy. Now he messaged me on Friday asking if I have a spot
for him. I do not want to take him on again because he does pay, but I don't like the fact
that he treats my service as something that he can just opt in and opt out of at will. Okay.
So I, this is a huge message or a huge post. I actually didn't see the whole thing, but basically
I think he's just asking for advice. Have you seen this post? No. Okay. So basically he's asking
what, what he should do. I think if I'm misreading that, but it's like three times longer than that.
I thought it was short. That's why I opened it up. What would I do in this situation?
Well, first and foremost, I don't hate money. I do like me some money and I there's, it's hard
for me to say like, even if somebody, I don't know at that amount of money, it's tough,
but what I would recommend is that you just need to at this point, put this person in a contract,
right? Like even if it's lower and I don't know, it says paid me USD. Like, I don't know if that's
a flat fee deal. If that's a flat fee deal, then the solution is really easy. Be like, yeah,
I'll work with you, but you got to give me a minimum commitment. Otherwise I'm working
with somebody else. Like that's, that's it. And if he says no, then you just don't work with him.
Yeah, exactly. I have a contract in place that way he can really just get you. And I would always
have a contract in place no matter what, even if they're, you know, someone that you trust and
they've never quit just because you never know. Yeah. Especially winter time. You never know when
stuff's going to happen. All of ours, all of our clients, we try our best to make sure that no
contracts come out during winter. And if they're approaching, if it's approaching winter and they're
month to month, or they're like almost out, Francesca and I are like, we got to get this
person back in a contract. Like, what do we got to do? Like, we got to make sure they're very,
very happy. Go ahead, go ahead. Yeah, sorry. I know in this case, like he doesn't even have
the excuse of saying, well, I need to test it out. Like he has tried it. He came to you. He wants
more. So you really have all the power in your hands at that point. Yep. 100%. And also guys,
at some point, like you just have to have some, you just have to draw a line in the sand
and nothing is more empowering than when you don't need the money.
And even if you need the money, but you make it seem like you don't need the money,
you'd be amazed how much more people want to work with you. When you're willing to walk away,
I'll give you a quick example. I've got somebody that, I've got somebody right now that's,
that's a friend of mine and he is joined. He's, he wants to join our program. He wants to join
he wants to join digital landlords. He's again, I've known this guy for a long time and
he's asked me about five different times about joining. He, I mean, he knows everything. He
knows what the commitment is. He knows how long the learning curve is, how much it costs to get
in all this different stuff. And I think it frustrates him to no end that I will never,
I do not try at all to sell him. In fact, if anything, I try to push him. What the first
time that he called, he said, he said, so you're going to, I want you to sell me on your program.
And I was like, I'm not going to sell you on my program. I don't, I don't say, I said,
I don't really even like working with people. I know that much because a lot of pressure for me,
which is actually true. Francesca knows this. And I said, I think you should actually, I said,
you know what you should do? I said, go into the free group and go and try to do this yourself.
And I said, the reason why I know I don't want to be rude and I'd love to earn your business, but
I want you to go and see what it's like to do it on your own without my help so that you appreciate
me when you come back. And my point with saying this is that because, yes, I want his money.
Of course, I'm not allergic to money. And, you know, of course a part of me wants to be like,
dude, let's wrap this thing up. Like, why don't you do this? But it's so, it feels so good when
you know that that person wants to work with you, but you, you don't need the money.
And so you get to retain your pride and you get to say, you get to almost push the deal away.
And the more you push it away, the harder it comes at you. It's this funny thing about life.
It's about, it's like the moment you stop caring is the moment it comes.
So get to a point mentally. And it's hard in the beginning because every dollar, I remember
my first deal, my towing deal, I did everything wrong. Like I, the only thing I did right was a
flat fee, but I let them do a, a paper check, which gave them all control. And Francesca,
we're dealing with this with one of our clients right now. It's so annoying, right?
Yeah. Oh yeah. And when you, and if this set up expectations as well, at the very beginning,
when you act like you matter and you know, you're putting those boundaries, it goes along ways
long-term too, I've noticed. Cause when you're loose at the beginning, then they just think they
can kind of do whatever they want in other aspects of the deal. They can hit you up on,
you know, a week and night or whatever it may be. But it does like, it does set up also a standard
for the rest of, you know, the deal that you're going to work with them for, not just the beginning.
A hundred percent, a hundred percent. So anyway, that's just a little thought. That's something
I've learned. That's about, it's like, and I've learned this in every area of life. It's like,
it's for those people that are out in the dating game, it's the same thing with that. Like the
second you stop caring, the people that are just chasing, chasing, chasing, they never get anything.
It's the people that have options or seem to have options that get more options. It's just weird how
it works. So be that way, be that way with business, be that way with your business owners,
have a no fear of loss mentality without trying to be too hype up type of a guy. Yeah, it's,
a lot of this is just mental stuff. So, okay, let's give away, I want to give away some swag
really quick and then let's get into some more. I'm going to keep going through the,
through the, what's it called? Questions? The posts?
The posts. Yeah. Okay. I do see a few though, real quick. So, let's do some, let's do some swag.
Corey McNeil. Okay. He DMed me. I'll send him my number. Okay. Corey, great. But Corey,
you need to get some swag, bro. Especially if you're in Salt Lake, you need to, you need to
get something to represent the digital landlords badge. Okay. Fino says, knowing what you know now,
if you just found out about this business model three days ago, what's the first move you're going
to make? Oh, we just did a live on this two days ago. How to make your first 750. You know what
I'm going to do? I'm going to recommend Francesca while I'm going through these questions. Can you
go over to Spotify, go to the podcast episode, episode, how to make your first $750 of, in
digital real estate, $750 a month in passive income with digital real estate, whatever it's called,
and, and reply with that link for Fino. Yes. Okay. So, I have a podcast episode on this exact topic.
You can also do it on YouTube, but I think, well, if you want to do it on YouTube, you can find it
there, but Francesca, get him the Spotify, the podcast episode that we did. I think it's podcast
episode number like 11. I found it. Where is the question? What post is it in? Or I can. No,
it's right here on the feed. It's right here on the feed. Fino, Fino asked that. Okay. Okay. Perfect.
From Olympia, Washington. Okay. Sean Ryan. Hey, I'm in the paid group and I've been struggling
to find a solid city for concrete and tree service. Is there a better way than just manually
grinding through the city's list of cities off like a state database? Okay. Sean, great question.
You know what I want you to do first? Or before you forget it, I want you to go and I want you
to post this inside of digital landlords, because I would love to answer this question and have
other people weigh in as well. Number one thing that I'm going to recommend to you
is in this, like you have no idea how much time to save me. If you're not already, you've got to go
and use rank and rent engine. That is going to save you so much freaking time. I have done so
many due diligence in my life, guys. I could have freaking learned how to do this a long time ago
or in a million other things. By the way, solving a Rubik's cube, it makes you feel like a genius,
just so you know. I did it once. My son showed me step by step. Imagine my 11-year-old son.
And when I finished it, I felt so smart. So just a little hack for those of you that don't feel
that smart all the time. Yeah. Yeah. That's all I have to say. Okay. Francesca.
Yeah. I'm posting that. Oh, you're making me hear myself. Oh, God. Okay. Is it gone?
Yeah, it's gone. Sorry. There's no way for me to really prevent it.
It's all good. Okay. I'm going to give a little bit of swag away. But anyway, so
Sean, post it in the free, post it in the paid group, use rank and rent engine. But other than
that, like go into the training, by the way. And it sounds like I'm not giving you the answer,
but like I would rather teach people how to find their own answers than just give it to them.
Because if I teach you how to find your own answers, number one is you're going to get
better at that skill set. But number two is you're going to remember it better. So like,
I think you've probably noticed on this stream, I've tried my best to like, not just
spoon feed you the answers. And Sean, I want to make you a 25,000 per month type of person.
It's a really good question. And I will answer it in detail for you inside of digital landlords.
But I would recommend that if you would just use the rank and rent engine tool,
it will save you so much time because you can just pop the city. And the only thing you need
to do is find the competitors, which you can do really quickly. And it's going to find the back
links, age of the domain, it's going to give you all the information on your competitors,
all of their information. The only thing that it's not doing in the detail that I would like
it to do right this second, but that Ryan has told me he's working on is giving an in-depth
backlink profile, which that is what the developers, to my knowledge, are working on
as we speak to have a backlink feature that shows you an in-depth look at the backlinks
of the competitors. So right now, when you go into rank and rent engine, you type in your
competitors, you type in your keywords, which is super easy. It literally calculates it in
like a split second. It does tell you how many backlinks, but it doesn't give you the information
in the detail that I would like it to make the decisions. Sometimes when you find these areas
that they're a little bit more competitive, or you're wondering if they're too competitive
and you want to look at the backlink profile, that's what I think is lacking. But that's the
only thing that's lacking right now, and it's being worked on. But in terms of finding freaking
areas, that right there is going to save you a ton of time, because I have done so many freaking
due diligence by hand. And I've done them where I wrote them down on paper. I've done them where
I had the Google Sheet and I would copy and make a new one. I've done it every kind of way you can
think about. Use that tool. Okay. Other than that, I'm going to answer that question more
depth. I want to get other people's ideas too inside of digital landlords. Okay. But great
question. And a lot of it too is you just got to put in the reps. Like Francesca, you yourself,
you've probably done a couple hundred yourself, right?
Yes. And I was going to say, I know sometimes you feel like you get stuck sometimes with due
diligence, especially when you do a bunch and none of them are really like a good result.
But from my experience, then you'll hit like gold with one and he opens up a whole can of like
locations, maybe nearby or something like that. So you may feel stuck, but I do feel like he also
goes the other way around where you find a city or a state, something, some area, and then he
really opens up for you multiple. Really good point. Really good point. Okay. I just barely,
um, and Sean, I appreciate you being on the stream. I want to give Sean some swag. So I'm
going to, he's a winner. You're a winner of let's give Sean the t-shirt, Sean, a t-shirt swag winner,
your choice. We have a bunch of different, uh, t-shirts. In fact,
let's see, let's see, let's give away a little bit more. Sorry. I like giving away stuff.
Who thinks who wants some, let's ask this. Um, I want to ask, here's what I want to do. I want
to ask a question, by the way, anyone that comes on live and asks me a question, just because I
know people are like scared of it for some reason, I'm going to give you guys, uh, in addition to
answering your question, I'm going to give you swag. Okay. So, um, Ravella, you are a swag winner
because you were brave enough to come on and you didn't have to turn on your camera. Look at that.
Okay. Swag winner, t-shirt, message Ashley. All right. Based on, let's look at who has good
questions. If you have other questions, drop them in. But yeah, if you go just hop on and ask me
live, I will happily give you some swag and answer your question. Again, before, as we kind of, you
know, we got about 10, 15 minutes left here, but again, for those of you that maybe we're on
a little bit late, um, our announcement that we had at the beginning, we are going to be doing a
thousand days of renting shitty websites scholarship as we transition to a different
version of this group, um, here in the next few weeks. And all you have to do is click the link,
apply. It's probably going to take you two, three minutes, make it good answers. And if you are
interested in winning the full scholarship, of course you are, that's why you're applying.
But also if you don't win the full and you have a chance at a partial scholarship indicate so,
so that we know who would qualify for that, uh, sub kind of side giveaway as well. Okay.
We're going to be doing a handful of partial scholarships and one full complete community
access, support, curriculum, coaching calls, a hundred percent, no catch, no nothing.
You're completely in, um, as well as a free month of, uh, or a discount on ranking engine.
Okay. So the link is in the comments and then we do have another question in there.
Okay. Miguel Williams says, have you ever tried the legal niche? I personally have not,
but you know what I'm going to do is I'm going to read something that I just got a message that I
have just gotten literally, uh, 12, 14 today. Okay. I'm going to read it. This is one of, uh,
my students inside digital landlords. I'm not going to use their name, but I'm going to,
I'm going to send this to, I'm going to read this out loud. Okay. Yo, this is,
I'm reading this entire thing. I'm about to close on a 30 K deal, 10 K upfront,
and then installments of five K. Um, it's not rank and rent and it's paper model,
paper lead model. The niche is personal injury lawyers. Just want to say your sales training
has helped me in general, even if the deals I close are not traditional rank and rent
or rent than rank. I'm going for deals that are 30 K per month as they seem to be the same amount
of work as two K per month deals. Uh, don't want to share it as a win until the card is charged.
And I don't want people to be asking how I did it, but I thought I would share here because I know
how you like to hear about your students closing patties. Okay. So I just shared it. Sorry, bro.
Um, I didn't, I'm not going to share the name. Um, but that's pretty dang cool. So I have not,
I, I like the logic. What he's using is like, why, you know, if you can make 30,000 a month
or $30,000 deal on a two K deal, it's not much difference in terms of work in terms of like
building a website. Yeah, it's the same, but there are, I do disagree a bit because there are levels
of work. And if you want to get into a blood bath, go into that niche. Okay. Go look at the cost per
click on a, uh, personal injury attorney in Las Vegas, Nevada. It's like 250 bucks a click,
something ridiculous. These are like a million dollar, multi-million dollar, uh, business deals.
Right. I personally do not like those because look guys, I'm in this business to do the least
amount of work possible for the most amount of money so I can go and live my life.
And that's it. And I think most people are in that same, that same frame of thought.
Like I shared this. Um, I think it was in here. Maybe it was inside digital landlords recently,
but I used to think everyone was like, want to make a million dollars a month and want to get
super rich and have mansions and jets and all this stuff. And I realized like, that's not what
people want. People just want to live their life. People just want to be free. People just want to
be able to do what they want to do. Like Francesca, if you didn't have to work tomorrow and money was
just coming in, what would you do? Like what would you do tomorrow? What would you spend your time
doing for the next week? Like an actual question. Yeah. I thought about that. I would go to culinary
school. Amazing to learn how to cook more better. Yeah. Like for myself. Amazing. Like,
and that would be freaking sick. Like how cool is it that Francesca, by the way, Francesca,
you need to start closing some of your own deals. But we're going to talk about that before I let
you do that. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Francesca is awesome. Francesca runs everything for me.
She does all the work. She should get all the credit. Um, so I really don't want you doing that
because I need you. Is that, is that fair? Yeah. Okay. But no, I mean, how cool is it that Francesca,
if she wanted to, you know, could go and like, hey, I'm going to go to culinary school,
not because I need to make money, but because I would like to learn how to cook.
How cool would it be if you're just like, one day you're like, I want to move. Uh, I'm going
to move to Saudi Arabia because I want to go learn Arabic. I'm going to go there for a year.
I'd like not to make money just because I want to learn Arabic. And by the way, funny story, uh,
Francesca, I don't know if I told you this, I was in Dubai the last time I was in Dubai. I was
at this restaurant and this guy, I met this guy, he's this young kid and he offered, he's like,
dude, let me buy you a drink, whatever. I'm like, dude, you're 20. Like you're like your baby. You're
not going to buy me a drink. Like no, no, no, thanks. You know? Um, and so he's just having
this great time. And then he had a friend with him and I said, you know, I talked to, I said to
the friend, I said, Hey, nice to meet you. My name is Nick. And I said, this is your friend.
He's like, no, I'm his bodyguard. And I thought they were joking, of course, right? You can still
hear me, right Francesca? Yeah. Okay. It's a good story. And he's like, no, I'm his bodyguard. And
he didn't smile or he smiled, but I could tell he was serious. And I was like, I kind of got scared
a little bit. I'm like, what is this guy into drugs? Um, and anyway, I got the guy's Instagram
and the next day he messaged me and said, whatever, nice to meet you. And I said,
and I remember distinctly, he had shown me a picture of a Lamborghini,
yellow Lamborghini. And I was like, that's sick, dude. But I didn't really register to me. I'm
like, why then? Then I started thinking, I'm like, so how do you, I said, what do you do?
He's like, dude, I'm in college. I'm like, well, how do you have a Lamborghini? He's like, oh,
he's like, I thought I told you, he's like, I'm part of the royal family or whatever, the Saudi,
whatever, whatever that family is that has all the money. The, uh, what's, I looked it up. It's,
it's legit. Um, uh, well, there's a specific family name. It's the Saud, Saud, Saud, S-A-U-D.
So anyway, that, that was, that was fun. But, uh, that just made me think of that. Cause he's from,
he's from Saudi Arabia. He was in there for like a three day weekend and then he flew to Saudi
Arabia. Um, interesting people, the people you meet, right? And my point being is that,
and he was like, yeah, you should come visit Saudi Arabia. I'm like, I don't know if that's
dangerous, but it sounds really fun. Um, I'd love to come. Can I meet your dad?
I want to go hang out with his dad. Um, but anyway, uh, the point being guys is that you can,
you can do whatever you want. You, you, you go, you make your money and then you do what you
want to do. You go, you know, become a pastor. You go and, and do service trips. You go and,
you know, become a coach, uh, and not because you're going to make 600 bucks working for
four months. Like coaches don't get paid near enough, but like you could do whatever you want.
It's so exciting that you can do that. Um, and so my whole point with that, I'm going to circle
back around. I'm starting to get a little like Kanye and going off on the tangents, but to bring
this tie this back in is I want to go into niches. I want to go into deals that I can go in,
get a quick win, make a juicy profit, uh, and then go on to another one. And I have a low
maintenance guys. If you're dealing with personal injury attorneys, you are going to not only have
a lot of work, a lot of work. I don't think you even know, but you're also going to be dealing
with a clientele. That's not going to give you much slack. They are going to be very much on
your back to make sure that they are ranked and ranked highly, because you're going to be charging
if you're charging $30,000, guess what? What happens if that person wants to do a charge back
and they're an attorney, they're going to look at the contract and be like, yeah, we're going to
charge back. We know our rights, blah, blah, blah. I just don't think it's worth it. That's just a
whole long way of saying, I'm not, I'm not doing it, but I do know people that have had success.
Chris says, if I didn't have to work, I'd want to learn how to be the Morgan, how to be Morgan
Wallen. Morgan Wallen has taken the freaking age. Morgan Wallen has stolen every woman's heart and
woman and man's heart from the age of 14 to 40, because I'm in that category too. Shout out to
you, Morgan. Just quit getting drunk and throwing chairs. You like Morgan Wallen? Yeah. Good. You
should. Francesca has some of the most interesting tastes of music ever. You get in her car,
it's freaking a different language. Somebody rocking out, that's completely on acid. It's
amazing. Let's do this. I want to know, I'm going to ask a question. I'm going to give some swag
away based on the answers. I want to ask this question for the group is, and by the way,
if you're listening to this after the fact, let's say you're watching this and it's Saturday or
you're watching it Sunday or you're watching this next week, you can still answer in the comments.
And if I like the answer, I'll still do this. I want to give some swag away based on these answers.
If you did not have to worry about money, let's say you had $20,000 a month coming in
which covers your bills and gives you some money to be able to travel if you wanted to.
Money was not an issue. You didn't have to worry about money tomorrow. You like whatever. It was
taken care of $20,000 in passive income from renting simple websites. What would you spend
your time doing? I want to know in the comments and I'm going to be based on my favorite answers.
I'm going to be giving away some swag. Francesca, I love your answer. That's why I'm giving you
the hoodie. You earned your hoodie. Perfect. But you have to post in it. You have to post a picture
in it just so everyone sees it. Is that fair? Okay. Easy. Deal. Okay. What would you guys?
Sorry. Go ahead. No, you go ahead. We have Chris asking favorite ways to close a baddie.
A baddie or a fatty. I see a B unless I'm going wild. When you say a baddie, I need you to...
I think he means a deal. If we're talking about baddie, like we're talking about like some like
some like nasty chick baddie. Like that's what I think when I think of baddie. But hopefully
he's talking about like just a big deal. I mean, my only tip with that... And by the way, guys,
I want to hear your comments. If you start to see... I don't know if I'm not seeing comments
or no one's responded yet, but if you start to see the comments, let me know. I want to hear
what would you do tomorrow? What would you spend your time doing if money... You had $20,000 a month
coming in from renting simple little websites and the world was your canvas. What would you do?
Francesca would go to culinary school. Okay. What would you do? You know what I would do,
Francesca? What? Travel. And that's exactly what I'm doing. That's why you see me in Dubai every
five minutes because I'm just getting it out of my system. I didn't grow up traveling. The idea that
I could make money while I was traveling was so enticing. And that's why you see that I was home.
I got back from Dubai 10 days ago and I'm already in Vegas and I'm literally just getting... I just
like to be moving. I get inspired. I look out. I can see the city. It's like... I don't know.
That's what I would do and that's what I'm doing is I'm traveling. I'm seeing the world. There's so
many places I want to see. I want to go to Kenya. I want to go to India. I want to go to the places
that you don't want to go to. I promise you. I want to go to the freaking ratchet dirty places.
That's more attractive to me. So that's what I would want to do. Fino says... Okay, hold on.
Laura says... Okay, let's go through some of these. But I think... Hold on.
Do you want to answer the baddie? Yeah, I want to answer the baddie first and then I'm going to go
through these. So if we're talking about baddie in terms of a fatty, in terms of a deal, okay?
My only advice is you got to go in there with complete confidence like you've done it 100 times.
Francesca, you know what we're going to do? I'm going to actually let you answer that because
you disclosed a fatty. And by the way, somebody was in the waiting room. I just missed it.
Whoever you were, come back in. I would love for you to answer your question. But really quick,
Francesca, this is your question because you just closed a freaking $7,500 a month deal.
Tell us. Give us a tip. Favorite ways.
Well, favorite ways is... I don't think it's favorite ways. I think the better answer,
the better question is... The best way to...
Tips. Because the best way to is you just freaking go in, you're confident,
you close the deal. It's the same process. But give us a tip. You smashed that deal.
I've never closed the deal that big. I closed the deal that grew into a deal that was big,
but I've never closed a $7,500 a month deal.
Well, I would say for me, two things. One is prepare early. I got to mentally...
And it doesn't... I know it's...
Yeah, you like to prepare. I know you. If you tell Francesca you got a sales call in an hour,
she's tripping. She needs 24 hours mental prep, which is fine.
It's 12, 12, 12. I just got to prepare, have my charger set up, my headphones set up.
Everything needs to be neat and clean, ready to go. I need to be calm. And then the second is
I follow every single... I still hold the script, not the PDF. I have it printed,
I have it highlighted, following every single thing. Anytime I do that combo, it always works.
Amazing.
Not always, like 90%.
I love that. And you closed that thing like no problem. We do have somebody in the waiting room.
I'm going to let them in. I want to circle back on this. And then guys, we're going to go a little
bit longer today because we can and I want to, and I'm excited to answer questions. And we have some
really good answers. So hang with me just a second. I want to let this person in real quick.
All right. It says PJ. Let's see if he can hear me. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.
There we go. Can you hear me?
All right. It says PJ. Let's see.
Oh, I think you got to turn off your screens so I don't double hear myself. PJ, can you hear me?
There we go. Can you hear me?
All right.
Yo, what's up, dude?
What's going on? I think I can double hear.
Turn off your...
Turn off your screens so I don't double hear on your side.
Can you hear me?
There we go. Can you hear me?
What's up, dude?
What's going on? I think I can double hear.
There we go. Can you hear me now?
Okay. PJ, do this. Just mute your volume on your Facebook live so I can't hear that,
but then you can turn your mic back on because I'm just hearing myself. It's a nightmare.
Francesca's like, oh my gosh, there's more than one. There's like three of Nick.
That's the biggest nightmare ever.
Terrifying.
It was terrifying me.
You can pause it or you can pause it instead of muting it. If you just pause it.
Yeah, pause it because Francesca's done that twice already on the stream today.
It's off now.
There we go. What's up, dude?
Not much, man. It's been a while. How are you doing?
It's been a while. How are you doing?
Good, man. Where are you tuning in from?
Phoenix, Arizona.
What's up, man? How's things going? How's the weather? Looks like about like Vegas.
Yeah, right. It's cooler right now. It's nice, actually.
Beautiful. So what's up, man? You got anything specific you want to say? What's up?
I just honestly wanted to say thank you to you. I think I've told you and Ryan Dalton,
a lot of the OGs, you guys are awesome. Still kind of like on the frame or the free plan,
trying to like kind of, you know, duct tape everything together to try to get into your
course. I've been somewhat successful, but I have kind of struggled as we kind of talked before.
I went to like Phoenix and I went to Houston. Now I'm kind of doing Glendale, Arizona,
doing some concrete and I feel like I got the ad down and the website, you know, with all the
words, the 2000 plus on the homepage and then the services page, a thousand, but I'm still
struggling a little bit just and I'm using rank and rent, but I'm on the free one with the one
number because like I said, I'm still trying to bootstrap it together, but I'm just trying to
make it work, man. I just honestly wanted to jump on here. I didn't really have that many questions.
I know you kind of answered quite a few already, so I've honestly just been kind of tuning in,
listening, kind of going over my ad stuff while you've kind of been doing the call,
but I just want to jump on and say, what's up, man? I also kind of try to, not to cut you off,
I tried to join a couple of times, but it like, I don't know, I wasn't getting added,
so I was like, whatever, I'll just stay on the Facebook and it's all good.
No, you're good. I think I just didn't see it, so I appreciate you hopping on. So number one is,
dude, you should apply for the scholarship, by the way. I don't know if you haven't already,
but apply for the scholarship and then we'll easily remember you because you came on.
So also message Ashley and get yourself a t-shirt, whatever one you want. So I appreciate
you hopping on. And yeah, dude, I mean, just keep going, bro. I mean, though it's crazy,
I'd say this and message me privately. Maybe we can figure something out, but dude, it's crazy
because how long have you been trying to like, put this together? Like how long have you kind of
been doing this? So I told you before on Instagram, but we haven't talked in a while. I found you like
two years ago and I was doing other things online, kind of developing my skillset, doing Amazon,
some different things. And I've had some success online with different things, but I mostly just
want to focus on websites and stuff. And kind of like you, your story, I wasn't even able to sell
my best websites for really anything. People just didn't value it. Doing the SEO, different things,
add some other skill sets that I had. I'm like, how can I take all the skills that I have and
sell them to someone at a fair price? Then I came across you two years later, back in August here.
And that's when I started my first one. I was like, I'm not still that successful in some of
the things I like. Let's give this one more go before I just say, screw it. I'm done with it.
And so I kind of started to do it without even having a website. I sold the first guy on the
pitch in Houston pretty easily. It was like a thousand bucks. I'll do a thousand bucks easy.
I was like, damn, I better get to work. I don't have anything yet, but I proved to myself after
calling five people that it's a good hook. People are like, free leads. I'll try it out. A thousand
bucks. I'm like, I need to make this $2,000 real quick. So that didn't work out just because it
was really competitive in Houston, but it kind of showed me. And I was basically two weeks into
kind of like, you know, re-seeing you again and jumping into it without you. So like,
I'm just going to get started and learn all the free stuff as I go. And I was like, man,
I'm actually seeing some success. I'm kind of like sold on this. Like this is pretty easy. As long as
I'm pretty techie, I'm okay salesman. I'm like, as long as I brush up the things or I find some
things about myself as an entrepreneur, I'm like, I could easily sell it as a deal. A lot easier than
anything else I've ever tried to sell. So it just, it kind of clicked for me, you know?
Yeah, no. Dude, don't give up on the model, man. What happens, one of my buddies was texting me
like two nights ago and this guy, they make him and his wife make a lot of money doing a couple
different things. Like he sells solar and she has like a business. They make a lot of money,
but he's like tired of like knocking doors, right? He's like, I just want to get something
that's residual. So he's asking me about like joining. And his brother-in-law
was like trying to do this. And he's like, how's he doing? And I was like, well, I don't know. He's
like, I think he kind of like got distracted or whatever. And I said this to him. I was like,
this is what happens with almost everybody is they get excited. It makes sense. They stumble a bit
or they just get distracted from something like whatever. It's easier to just do something new
than to figure out the solution to what you're currently working on. And they go and they try
other things or they go back into a job and they, but they always make it back.
And so it was the same with me, dude. I got a couple of deals. I got to, I call it too smart
for the model. I was like, ah, this is too like, this is, I don't want to do this. I don't want to
tell people I do. I'm a market. I have, I own a marketing company. Like that's lame. And I'm like,
then I really learned what lame is. It's not making money. And I'm like, okay, that's lame.
And so, you know, nine, 10 months later, 50, $60,000 down the drain debt limping confidence shot.
I came back humbly and I was like, all right, let's give this a real shot. And then dude,
I made money, but I didn't do it correctly. I wasn't doing the flat V model. I wasn't
doing a, of course I wasn't doing pre-selling cause I didn't know it.
And I almost gave up again in 2019. I was about to just go be a salesperson. And I was like,
let me just, just like you, I'm going to give it one more chance. And I'm going to figure out this
pre-selling thing. And dude, it's like that story at the beginning of think and grow rich.
Like I was literally three feet from gold. I was eight months away from making a hundred
thousand dollars a month. And I have not made less than that since July of 2020. I haven't
had a month that's less than that. And I was almost to give up on it, dude. I almost settled
for being a salesperson with probably a top potential max earning of like 20 grand a month
if I was killing it. So yeah, dude, don't give up, bro. This is the model I've,
if something else comes along that beats this dude, I'll, I'll jump. Trust me. I'm an opportunist.
I'm not married to this model, but right now this is the best model to become, you know,
it's as passive as it can become. And then you can go do what you want to do. So I want to ask
you this and I'll let you get off, bro. What would you do if you didn't have to worry about money?
20,000. I'm sorry to cut you off. I heard you there, but not to cut you off. I was actually
getting on here so I could actually comment in. Cause I'm like, I don't know if they want us to
comment in on Facebook or on here, but I was like, whether I get on the camera or not, like I'm not
scared of the camera. I'll let you down. I was saying I was going to type in music and travel.
We have similar goals, but probably music and travel. That's cool, man. What music like you'd
want to produce? You'd want to, are you like, you'd be the voice? Like what, what part of music?
DJ. Yeah. Like DJ music producing. That's dope, dude. That's dope. At least at least test it out,
but everything takes money. And I'm like, I want to have that cashflow, uh, you know,
wheel going and working well. So that way, if I try something and it doesn't work, I don't care.
And I still just love it. And I would do it anyway. Yeah, bro. It's, dude, it's such the game,
like no matter what you want to do, I have, uh, one of my friends is a, he like literally creates
music. He's trying to do that, but he's trying to make his money through that.
And dude, he's, he's, I mean, he's been putting out music for two years and I think he's Spotify
checks. He, he just texted me today. His Spotify checks are still less than a thousand bucks a
month. And in my mind, I'm like, dude, just go make 20 grand with renting simple websites.
Right. And then dude, your music can be art because you don't have to make money. You don't
have to jump on a trend that's going to hit. Like you can just, it can be like from your soul
and you can really enjoy it. Cause I think he's in that part where it's just like a grind and a
hustle now and it's a job. But if you really love it, like, dude, then the money's just a bonus. So
I love that, bro. And I hope that, uh, dude, you can, if you want to go make 20 grand and go,
go chase it, bro. Dude, I have to, I can't quit now. And just like you said, everything has it
like, you know, Alex or Mosley to that Valley to spare everything you do. So I always think about
that all the time. And I have a lot of great people and sayings from you and other people on
my wall. And I'm just like, if I quit now, it's all for nothing. And I put in about five years
ish into web development. So I'm like, I'm to the point where it is actually going to finally pay
off. And I spent a lot of those years broke in this particular online skills. Um, but I was like,
it's about to pay off big. So, I mean, if I quit now, I'd just be like you, that little, that one
more dig and then, you know, you, you quit or you keep going. So it's like, I think about that all
the time, but I really just, it's not that about making money. It's like, how can I help people
and take my skills? And so I get value, they get value. And it's just like a slam dunk for me,
them and the customer. And that's the only way I tell them, like your customer wins, you win
and I win. Like we get a triple slam dunk and like, who's mad at that? Nobody. It's true, man.
Well, I love it, bro. Please keep, keep in touch. Send me a DM, um, on Instagram or on Facebook and
let's talk and see if we can work something out and apply for the scholarship. Sure. A hundred
percent. All right. Thank you so much. Appreciate you bro. Talk soon. Later. Okay. Let's go through
really quick. Appreciate you guys staying on to the end. Let's go through some of these answers,
give away some swag. We'll hop off. Okay. Yeah, we got a lot of answers. Yeah. I'm going to read
them and I'm going to let you choose like your top favorite three. Okay. Oh, okay. Let's see Anthony.
No, notary says he'd build schools in poverty stricken countries.
Guys, I would love to see every one of these answers. I would love to sit down,
like, I'd love to sit down with you, Anthony, and just, and ask you that, like, I love that
answer, but I would love to know why. Like what, what is it about your past? What is about your
situation? What is it about your life and your experiences that that's the thing that you would
spend your time doing? Because I think it's a very noble, noteworthy thing to do, but I'm always
curious of the why behind the answer. So anyway, that's, I can't because of that kind of time,
but that's a great answer. Laura says being a snowbird going south for the winter, packing up
my husband and little guy and avoiding the winter. Yeah, I can relate to that. That is,
that is kind of what I'm doing. As soon as it gets cold, I immediately become not depressed,
but my mood gets a bit crappy. And so yeah, I'm actually right now planning on,
so I'm here for Christmas. I want to be with the kids. And then the day after or two days
after I'm either going to be in Africa or Dubai, I just have to get out of the cold. I hate it.
And I don't have to be in it. So I'm not going to be in it. Okay. Fino, if I had 20K,
I'd show my family the world. I like that answer. Kevin says I would spend time in a wood workshop
where I would build and create all day. I also really like that answer. Eric says travel the
world and not have to worry about money at all. Live in a van, do surfing, drive Vespa, have my
own bar at the beach and watch it. That sounds amazing by the way. That sounds like freaking the
Africa, bro. You could do all of that or move to Thailand. But I like that answer a lot.
Fino said 7,500 a month. Yes, that was a real deal that she got. Can you confirm I had nothing to
do with that deal? Like I did not get on that call. I didn't do anything with that deal.
No, you didn't get on the call. I'd love to take credit. You never get on the call.
I never get on Zoom calls. No, I refuse. Francesca's like, hey, can you hop on Zoom? Like, no.
Yeah, that's the answer. I always text her, I'm like, you got this. And you do.
It's like we're taking the training wheels off and you're my daughter and we're teaching
you how to ride a bike. That's all. Jen said way to rock it, Francesca. I'd travel all over Europe
and the world with my wife and kids. Spend three weeks in each location engaging with cultures,
people and their history. It all fascinates me. I love that answer. That's exactly my mindset as
well. Only place I'd probably skip is Italy. Whatever. I'm just kidding. You would love it.
No, I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Okay. Miguel says I would spend my time helping other people.
Jason said, which again, a noteworthy thing to say and to do, Jason Aldridge says travel for sure,
but also volunteer for homeless slash elderly and love to have time to learn to play the piano I
bought six years ago. Rev, amazing by the way. If I don't say amazing, I hope you guys know I like
all these answers. As I'm reading them, I'm like picturing them and it's like taking me places.
Rev says I would discover shamanism because I'm half Athabascan, Native American and half Nigerian,
but grew up adopted. Wow. That's crazy. I have never heard that combination.
Half Athabascan, Native American and half Nigerian. That is amazing actually,
but grew up adopted and would love to learn and discover the roots of my culture. I think that
that's very cool when people want to go and figure out where they came from. Some of us have culture.
People ask me where I'm from and I'm like, I'm just, I'm white. And they're like, no,
people like, no, you're like, I get, what's it called? Arab. I get the Arab comment a lot now
with the beard, which I don't know how to think about that. Steven says I'd go live on a nice
cruise ship for a while, visit places and meet lots of people. Chris, too much Nick for us there,
almost exploded from the strength of multiple Nicks. That was scaring me too.
Kristin, if I didn't have to work because of that incoming money, I'd move on back to the rural,
travel the states with my kids. We don't travel much now, so it would blow their minds. You know
how kids get just when entering a hotel room and go berserk over a new room and jump on the bed of
travel. That's so true, dude. Kids are so pure. My kids, Francesca, you ever stayed at the Trump Tower?
No, actually. You would like it because there's no casino. It's really clean.
They have the bathrobes that you can borrow, and my kids are like, they love that Trump casino
because you can wear the bathroom. Of course, that's three times too long for them, and they
put on huge slippers. They're like, the Trump is so sick. It's such a cool hotel. It's like, bro,
it's a bathrobe. They're like $20 robes, but it's so true. Kevin says I would help my son
manage and promote his music career so he can just focus on creative work and performances. I'd spend
the rest of my spare time traveling with my wife and enjoying retirement. Amazing. Love Nick's story.
So inspiring. Thank you, sir. So much you can do with music now. The sky's the limit. It's so true.
Music's so inspiring. I actually really appreciate people that do that. Porter is the most
unserious person. Porter said he would get Taggy alive. Let me just tell you this last story.
Let's get hold on. I don't know if we have time for that story. The fact that Porter makes $9,400
per month can inspire everyone on this call with that answer, and that is another story for another
time. It's an inside joke, and it's hilarious. Let me just say this. Taggy is this guy that was our
house cleaner in Africa, and the big joke, because Porter's wife actually got pregnant when we were
in Africa, which is weird. Thanks, bro. It's so disgusting. Thanks for doing that. The big joke
is Porter the dad or is the house cleaner the dad? His name's Tegba, but he's very smelly. He's
deodorant, so that's why he's saying deodorant. It's terrible. I hope Teg was not in this group.
Taggy, I'm sorry. Eric says Italy's beautiful, Nick. Okay, I'll go. Don't worry. Learning the
language Italian. Jason Allred's a good one. Any other answers? I'd homeschool my four boys
and sponsor health and fitness programs for the sick and overweight. That's a cool answer.
Okay, let's give away some swag. Let's give away some swag. All right, Jessica.
That's hard. I really like the idea of the kids traveling, jumping on the bed. That just made me
smile. Yeah, I do too. That's Chris. I'm going to give him. Let's give Chris a free swag
T-shirt, message, Ashley. Yeah, I like that answer. What's your second one?
I like the one that Kevin, he would help his son with his like music career and then also travel
with his wife. I like all the traveling ones. It's hard because they kind of all answered
as similar, so it's hard to pick, you know, one. One more. Let's do one more that stood out to you.
I like that one too. So Kevin's a winner. Chris is a winner.
He has one more. Okay, I like the one that says Miguel, I would spend my time helping
other people. It sounds vague, but I get what he's saying. Like you can volunteer,
you can do a lot of stuff. I feel like a lot of people would do,
but you just don't have the time when you have to work.
You know what I was thinking as I was reading these answers is how amazing, like
how beautiful the world would be if people didn't have to worry about money. Like
how the inventions that would come, the music that would come, the art that would come,
I think things would just be better. Like it would just be unbelievable. It'd be really,
really cool. And I think everyone would be more, I think when you travel, you become more open-minded
and I think you're more of a, not everybody, but I think I'm more understanding when people
aren't exactly like me. And yeah, I think that nothing, there's no downside to traveling.
I think you're only become a better person in my opinion. I agree a hundred percent.
Amazing. I think that will do it guys. If you haven't already apply for the scholarship,
if you want to, it's called the thousand days of a thousand day celebrate celebration of renting
shitty websites. Apply, it takes you a few minutes. The links in the description, it's
pinned at the top. Appreciate you guys. Love this group. It's been an amazing three years
and we haven't been on live much because again, people just don't value what they don't pay for.
But I know at some point that each and every one of you, if you guys stay on the path,
we'll end up working together at some capacity. And again, to what like PJ, when he came on,
don't give up because you are a lot closer than you guys think.
You could be eight months away from a thousand dollars, a hundred thousand dollars per month.
So Francesca, thanks for hopping on. Yep. Thank you. Okay. See you guys.